To make a long story short. We need your help.
You take this five hundred thousand first. There are other benefits after it's done.
At the time of the attack, each other was shabby.
A few dollars is still a million. I still want to use this little money to acquire beauties.
Too much emphasis.
So many zeros.
Xie Lan. Oh right. Remember to sign the legal liability release agreement.
Lest you have to go back when the time comes.
I didn’t bring it. fine.
Anyway, my minor in college was law.
Sign your name in the lower right corner and remember to click on the home page.
Wait. Miss Shen,
We came to see you today for no other reason.
Give you that half a million.
Actually, I want you to do me a little favor or something.
See if you can let Jiang Mian, the young master of the Jiang family
Go without illness or pain